#Anti-Crime Management System


#The main  objective of this system is to provide a better interaction between public and police officers. 
#This pyhton project makes work easier for the police department by maintaining the information and records regarding their department. 
#This automation web project provides the setting for the intelligence platforms that agencies use to take incoming.

------------------
Modules:
------------------

Administrator: This module is completely under the control of Administrator. He is having authority to view all the users, 
adding new police officers, deleting the police officers, adding new police stations, generating reports ,
deleting the police stations and Appointing of police officers to a particular police station which is present in a specific zone or 
to a specific district.

Police Officers: Appointing the Police Officers to a particular police station which is present in a specific zone 
or to a specific district as a first time setup, Police officers will assignor tasks to detective ,The requests notified 
by the public are accepted or rejected by officers. Maintaining the criminal information state wise/area wise is mandatory.

Detectives: Detectives can access the cases or tasks assigned by the police officers, view cases or tasks assigned.
Detective can view the cases list assigned by the officers. Detectives can also view the criminal information

Citizen: Secured enrollment of national is required where they
have to give evidence of citizenship, which will becross checked by the cops of that territory. 
Nativesought to have the capacity to apply for different licenses like Arms, uproarious speaker,
Hotel/hold up, perusing focus, mass gatherings etc..,
--------------------------------------------------
Software Requirements:

Front-end : UI Technologies (HTML, CSS, JS)
Back-end : Python
Frameworks : Django
Database : MySQL,Sqlite3
___________

Hardware Requirements:

• Intel i3 (Processor)
• 2GB Ram
• 4 MB Cache Memory
• Hard disk 500 GB